Feature/media jwt module (#160)
akamai/edgeworkers-examples: delivery/common/jwt/examples/jwt-rs256/README.md

# Example

> This example demonstrate verification of JWT token that was signed using RS256 algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates verification of a JWT token that was signed using the RS256 algorithm.
```
